Improve error message for filterTargets (#2369)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

- Makes `functions:shell` terminate the server together with the shell
- Fixes issue where functions emulator would fail while looking for `tsconfig.json` (#2353)

> - Improve error message for `deploy` and `serve` when invalid targets are specified (#2363)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improves error messages for `deploy` and `serve` when invalid targets are specified (#2363)
```
